Summarize this for a second-grade student:

PURPOSE OF NOTICE
1. The purpose of this Notice is to explain the Actions, the terms of the proposed Settlement, and how the proposed Settlement affects Current Pinterest stockholders’ legal rights. This Notice is issued pursuant to an Order of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (the “Court”) dated February 16, 2022 (“Preliminary Approval Order”), and further pursuant to the requirements of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, including Rule 23.1. 2. The Court will hold a hearing (the “Settlement Hearing”) on May 26, 2022 at 8:00 a.m., either in person at the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, San Francisco Courthouse, Courtroom 12 – 19th Floor, 450 Golden Gate Avenue, San Francisco, CA 94102, or by telephone or video conference (in the discretion of the Court), to consider whether the Judgment, substantially in the form of Exhibit E to the Stipulation, should be entered: (i) approving the terms of the Settlement as fair, reasonable, and adequate; (ii) dismissing with
prejudice the Federal Consolidated Action pursuant to the terms of the Stipulation; and (iii) ruling upon any application for any Fee & Expense Award. You have a right to participate in the Settlement Hearing.
3. This Notice describes the rights you may have in the Actions and pursuant to the Stipulation and what steps you may take, but are not required to take, in relation to the Settlement. BACKGROUND OF THE SETTLING MATTERS Factual Background
4. The Settlement arises out of the Actions alleging breaches of fiduciary duty, among other claims, against certain current and former officers and directors of Pinterest. Plaintiffs alleged that the Individual Defendants breached their fiduciary duties in connection with, among other things, (1) a pattern of employment discrimination and retaliation by certain executives at the Company; (2) failures of oversight by the Board; (3) waste of corporate assets, abuse of control, and unjust enrichment; and (4) a violation of Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
5. The Individual Defendants deny the allegations made by Plaintiffs in the Actions.
The Actions
6. In November and December 2020, Plaintiffs filed three shareholder derivative complaints on behalf of nominal defendant Pinterest: Bushansky, No. 3:20-cv-08331-WHA;
Employees’ Retirement System of Rhode Island, No. 3:20-cv-08438-WHA; and Toronto, No. 3:20-cv-09390-WHA. Prior to filing a lawsuit, each plaintiff served a books and records demand on the Company pursuant to 8 Del. C. § 220 (“Section 220”) and received and reviewed relevant documents. On February 19, 2021, the Court consolidated these three cases and appointed an 3 interim leadership structure. On February 26, 2021, Plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint (the “Consolidated Complaint”), asserting claims for (1) breach of fiduciary duty, (2) waste of corporate assets, (3) abuse of control, (4) unjust enrichment, and (5) violations of Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 14a-9. The Consolidated Complaint alleges that Plaintiffs have standing to bring the shareholder derivative claims because a demand on Pinterest’s Board would have been futile.
7. On April 22, 2021, Pinterest moved to dismiss the Consolidated Complaint pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23.1 on the grounds that Plaintiffs had failed to
adequately allege that demand would have been futile. The Individual Defendants filed a joinder, arguing that the Consolidated Complaint should also be dismissed pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6). On May 27, 2021, Plaintiffs opposed Pinterest’s motion to dismiss.
8. Pursuant to the stipulation of the parties, on June 1, 2021, the Court referred the case to the Northern District of California ADR Program, appointed Chief Magistrate Judge Joseph C. Spero as Special Master, and postponed the filing of Defendants’ reply brief in support of their motion to dismiss while the parties engaged in the mediation process before Judge Spero. 
9. On July 14, 2021, another shareholder derivative complaint was filed. Petretta v. Silbermann, No. 3:21-cv-05385-WHA. On July 19, 2021, Plaintiffs filed an unopposed notice of
consolidation of related case. On October 6, 2021, the Court consolidated the Petretta action into the Federal Consolidated Action.

The purpose of the notice is to explain the terms of the proposed settlement to the current Pinterest stockholders and how it will affect their legal rights. The court will hold a hearing on May 26, 2022 to decide whether or not to approve the settlement as fair, reasonable, and adequate and to dismiss the case with prejudice. This notice describes the rights that the stockholders have in relation to the settlement and what steps they may take, but are not required to take.
