Erik: Joining me now is Charlie McElligott who heads up the cross-asset Macro Strategy
Group at Nomura. Charlie and his team assembled a short slide deck to accompany today's
interview. Listeners will find the download link in your research roundup email. If you don't have
a research roundup email, just go to our homepage macrovoices.com, look for the red button
that says looking for the downloads. We'll be focusing most of today's interview on the first two
charts, but I recommend perusing the remainder of the short deck at your convenience.
Charlie, it's great to have you back on the show. It's been too long, I want to start by just going
way back out high level, big picture here. We've got this fed tightening cycle. A lot of people are
saying hey, the Fed has no way to get out of this at this point. The markets gonna crash. It's just
got to be you know 20, 30, 40% down before the Fed put will kick in and the Fed will change its
stance. Is that the right way to think about this and what does history teach us about what
happens in these tightening cycles?
Charlie: Well, it's certainly good to be back and speak with you guys. It has been too long, fully
agreed. Look, inflation has been this macro regime change catalyst. Inflation, as I've said, I think
prior meetings with you folks years ago, is the driver of cross-asset volatility. Simply on account
of what it does with regards to a forced capitulation from global central bank's away from the
persistent easy money policy, large scale asset purchases dynamic of the past, you know,
decade plus since the financial crisis. And what that led to and why the last year, you know, last
half year to a year has been so tumultuous is that almost all legacy cross-asset leadership and
positioning and performance has been tied to that dynamic where it was all about Goldilocks
economic environment, not too hot, not too cold with growth and inflation. And that inflation
skepticism or cynicism then allowed for outperformance of duration sensitive assets and stuff
that's sensitive to interest rates.
And investors parked in long duration assets. They parked in stuff from the equity side that
could grow profits in earnings without a hot cycle. And in you know, the treasuries or rates side
that meant long treasuries, bull flattening and curves, negative real yields. So, which is a very
highly speculative environment which meant persistently low volatility and long gamma, short
skew, all of these dynamics really crowded us into trades that were proxies of the same thing.
Long secular growth, expensive, high multiple equities are equivalent to long, you know 10 year
or 30 year Treasury type of dynamic and ultimately created to the fact that US is this secular
growth engine versus rest of the world being very cyclical, very value. We created this US
exceptionalism trade, and that shift over the past, you know two years frankly right that from the
COVID double whammy of the monetary policy and the fiscal policy response, and then the exit
from that period, really supercharged and unanchored inflation and that's where we are right
now.
Erik: You mentioned that inflation is the driver. I know that as you said, you've been talking to
us about inflation for years where everybody else seemed to be in denial. Most of the
institutional guys I talked to say they believe the Fed that it really is transitory and they don't
think that we have a new secular inflation. How do you feel about that? Do you think that there
is really evidence that it's not secular? Seems to me like all the signs are there. 
